proofread and revise `prose_captures.md` (#442)
TalonCommunity/Wiki: docs/Basic Usage/prose_captures.md

| Capture/List                   | Purpose                         |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------- |
| `{user.punctuation}`           | punctuation characters          |
| `<user.prose_spell>`           | spelling with lowercase letters |
| `<user.prose_ship>`            | spelling with uppercase letters |
| `<user.number_prose_prefixed>` | numbers                         |
| `<user.prose_percent>`         | percentages                     |
| `<user.prose_time>`            | times of day                    |
| `<user.prose_currency>`        | currency amounts                |
| `{user.abbreviation}`          | abbreviations                   |
| `<user.prose_modifier>`        | prose modifiers                 |
| `{user.prose_snippets}`        | miscellaneous prose snippets    |
| `<user.prose_contact>`         | contact information             |
| `<user.prose_clipboard>`       | clipboard contents              |

> Note that the prose modifiers are available in the `<user.prose>` capture and in dictation mode as commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the prose modifiers are implemented twice — in the `<user.prose>` capture and as commands in dictation mode.
```
